README.md, before:

GameFAQs Custom Spoiler Colors
======================================
Adds a setting in your "Advanced Options" (just under the "Reveal Spoilers" setting) to allow you to specify the background and text colors of GameFAQs spoiler tags.

Use with one of the following browser extensions:

### Mozilla Firefox ###
*	[Greasemonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/)
*	[Scriptish](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/scriptish/)

### Google Chrome ###
*	[Tampermonkey](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo)

### Opera ###
*	[Tampermonkey](https://addons.opera.com/extensions/details/tampermonkey-beta/)
*	[Violentmonkey](https://addons.opera.com/extensions/details/violent-monkey/)

Release Notes
=============
Version 1.0.2
-------------
_Released 2015-05-27_

*	Updated to account for change to Advanced Settings page filename (from `options_advanced.html` to `settings_advanced.html`)

Version 1.0.1
-------------
_Released 2014-11-12_

*	Fixed bug which completely prevented script from functioning in Chrome

Version 1.0
-------------
_Released 2014-11-12_

*	Initial release

#### Full changelog available at http://otacon120.com ####

Commit message:

Account for GameFAQs updates to site URLs

README.md, after:

GameFAQs Custom Spoiler Colors
======================================
Adds a setting in your "Advanced Options" (just under the "Reveal Spoilers" setting) to allow you to specify the background and text colors of GameFAQs spoiler tags.

Use with one of the following browser extensions:

### Mozilla Firefox ###
*	[Greasemonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/)
*	[Scriptish](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/scriptish/)

### Google Chrome ###
*	[Tampermonkey](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo)

### Opera ###
*	[Tampermonkey](https://addons.opera.com/extensions/details/tampermonkey-beta/)
*	[Violentmonkey](https://addons.opera.com/extensions/details/violent-monkey/)

Release Notes
=============

Version 1.0.3
-------------
_Released 2015-09-29_

*	Updated to account for GameFAQs updates to site URLs

Version 1.0.2
-------------
_Released 2015-05-27_

*	Updated to account for change to Advanced Settings page filename (from `options_advanced.html` to `settings_advanced.html`)

Version 1.0.1
-------------
_Released 2014-11-12_

*	Fixed bug which completely prevented script from functioning in Chrome

Version 1.0
-------------
_Released 2014-11-12_

*	Initial release

#### Full changelog available at http://otacon120.com ####
